Add comments like table columns. (#1168)
barryvdh/laravel-ide-helper: README.md

By default, these attributes are generated in the phpdoc. You can turn them off by setting the config `write_model_relation_count_properties` to `false`.

#### Support `@comment` based on DocBlock

> In order to better support ide, relations and getters/setters can also add comments like table columns. Only based on DocBlock, use `@comment`. example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to better support IDEs, relations and getters/setters can also add a comment to a property like table columns. Therefore a custom docblock `@comment` is used:
```
